docs: add plugin recipe (#6965)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: docs/recipes/plugin/readme.md

# Lighthouse plugin recipe

## Contents

> - `lighthouse-plugin-preload-as` - the plugin module

Reviewer: Another thing I'm noticing... the Plugin is really about describing the category, not one of the two audits within it.  

This category is titled 'My Plugin Category'... but let's pretend it was called 'Example Plugin'.   I would expect the folder it's in to match the name of the category.. a la `lighthouse-plugin-example-plugin`

Author: renamed `lighthouse-plugin-example`

>   - `package.json` - declares the plugin's entry point (`plugin.js`)

Reviewer: should plugins include lighthouse as a peerDependency?

Author: > should plugins include lighthouse as a peerDependency?

yes

>   - `plugin.js` - instructs Lighthouse to run `preload-as.js` and to add a new category to the report

Reviewer: just some futzing..

```suggestion
  - `plugin.js` - describes the new category and its details for the report. Also references the plugin's own `preload-as.js` audit, that will be included in the Lighthouse run.
```

>   - `audits/preload-as.js` - the new audit to run in addition to Lighthouse's default audits

Reviewer: 😍
